Master of Business Administration
THE NEW WAY
TO MBA
RANKING AND ACCREDITATION:
UGC-DEB 
(Online 
Education)
WORLD EDUCATION SERVICES
Amity’s Online MBA 
has been ranked by 
QS as #37 Worldwide 
In 2021 ranking.
CONTENT
01 Message f rom the Chairman & Directors 
03 About Amity University Online 
06 About the Programme
07 Programme Curriculum
08 Global Faculty
09 Accreditations 
11 Amity University Online Advantage 
12 Industry Mentors
13 Alumni Working At
14 Contact
WWW.AMITYONLINE.COM
Chairman - Amity University Online
Mr. Ajit Chauhan
1
Amity University Online is devoted to creating a transformative learning 
environment, a digital classroom with true mobility and access to 
education from anywhere. Our career-oriented programmes are specially 
designed for working professionals offering futuristic learning 
experiences on our awarded LMS, along with face to face interactions, live 
online classes, webinars, video lectures & one-to-one sessions with faculty, 
designed and delivered by over 6000 eminent corporate experts and 
faculties. With a constant and sustainable rise in the need for highly-
skilled professionals, it is becoming crucial for employers to develop and 
retain well-educated and motivated employees. At Amity University 
Online, we understand and create professionally strong individuals with 
higher education and training for meeting the evolving industry 
demands.
2
Message from Directors
Prof. Abhinash Kumar
Director
Dr. Priya Mary Mathew
Director, Academics
Amity University Online provides ‘Anytime, Anywhere’ 
education experience, intensive corporate interaction, 
industry-oriented teaching delivered by eminent 
corporate experts and world-class faculty. Designed to suit 
both graduate students and working professionals, our 
programmes adhere to UGC’s stringent criteria and we are 
at par with the campus programmes.
This is the age of knowledge. And anyone who says “I do 
not know” at this age, will risk being labelled “outdated”. 
We at Amity Online Family have pledged to ensure no one 
faces that dilemma. That’s why you will ﬁnd Amity 
University Online going to the depths, the widths, the 
lengths to ensure we serve as many humans as possible. 
Choices decide the fruits of your life. Taking up online 
programs with AUO is a wise decision to widen your 
opportunities to succeed.
3
About Amity University Online
Bringing together pedagogy, content and technology, Amity University Online 
is home to a range of University Grants Commission (UGC) recognized 
programmes meant for anytime, anywhere learning. Amity University Online 
serves the educational aspirations of students across the globe through 24 
programmes under Masters, Bachelors, Post Graduate Diplomas through its 
well-researched curriculum, renowned faculty, cutting-edge technology and 
close industry academic partnerships.
The country's  ﬁrst university to receive the prestigious UGC accreditations 
for its online programmes, Amity University Online is devoted to creating 
a  transformative learning environment. In today's environment, when 
content is mobile and available anytime, anywhere, learning is truly a 
click away.
4
A LEADING GLOBAL EDUCATION GROUP
Amity Education Group is one of the largest education groups, established 
over twenty years ago, offering globally benchmarked education right 
From pre-school to Ph.D. level with over 400 UG & PG programmes across 
various  disciplines in education.
175,000 225,000 6,000+
120,000 1,200
Students Online Students Faculty
Alumni Worldwide Acres of Campuses Schools & Pre-schools
28
11
16
Universities in Noida, Gurugram, Greater Noida, Jaipur, Mohali
Lucknow, Mumbai, Gwalior, Raipur, Kolkata, Ranchi & Patna
International Campuses including London, Dubai, Singapore, 
New York, San Francisco, Abu Dhabi, Mauritius, Sharjah, 
South Africa, Amsterdam, Nairobi, Tashkent
5
Wipro Technologies
MBA Alumni
Ajit Varghese
Amity University Online has 
crafted programmes keeping in 
mind the busy working schedule 
for working professionals. The 
study materials are in depth and 
comprehensive. Thanks to all 
the faculties for conducting 
really insightful sessions.

6
About the Programme
MASTER OF
BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION
Accelerate Your Career Success With Amity's Online MBA
What makes Amity's Online MBA Special?
Amity University Online is a step by Amity, to offer elective online learning for people 
seeking to improve competency, build expertise and enhance skills, across diverse 
disciplines and career paths. Amity's online MBA programme is a globally accredited 
two-year (4 semesters) course with 12 specialization areas and in-built project work 
designed to prepare graduates for varied career opportunities in Business Administration. 
Amity's online degrees are the most preferred online degrees by employers & recruiters 
globally.
Learning Eﬀorts - 12/15 hrs a week | Duration - 2 Years | Credits - 99 
Empower yourself into becoming a successful working professional with India’s Top Online 
MBA programme awarded by QS for ﬁve times in a row now. The programme is designed 
to strengthen your entrepreneurial abilities and to gain skills to achieve quick growth and 
success in the corporate world. The programme covers all important concepts, practices and 
trends in the subject area, including Marketing, Sales, Human Resources, Finance, Accounting, 
Insurance, Information Technology, International Business, Entrepreneurship etc.
7
SEMESTER 1
• Accounting for Managers
• Marketing Management
• Managerial Economics
• Statistics for Management
• Professional communication
SEMESTER 2
Programme Curriculum
• Business Research Methods
• Financial Management
• Human Resource Management
• Conﬂict Resolution and Management
• Legal Aspects of Business
SEMESTER 3
• Professional Ethics
• Strategic Management
• Minor Project
SEMESTER 4
• Management in Action - Social 
• Digital Marketing
Specializations
Economic and Ethical Issues
• Major Project
Our globally accredited Online MBA covers 12 industry-oriented specializations to 
accomplish professional goals of graduates and working professionals. It allows them to 
delve deep into the nuances of a particular industry, hence creating industry-ready 
professionals. Moreover, this two-year (4 semesters) online degree programme gives an 
opportunity to work and learn anytime and anywhere, without putting career on hold.
•  Marketing & Sales Management
•  Entrepreneurship & Leadership Management
•  Finance & Accounting Management
•  Human Resource Management
•  Information Technology Management
•  International Business Management
•  Production and Operations Management
•  Retail Management
•  Global Finance Market
•  Hospitality Management
•  Insurance Management
•  Petroleum & Natural Gas Management
About the Programme
Our Global Faculty
8
Asst. Prof. Brian Porter
MSc. Management - Boston University, 
Online Facilitator - Boston University, 
Adjunct Professor - Nicholas College,
Vice President of Strategic Partnerships at MGCG
Prof. Luke Pearce
M.A. in Education, University of Shefﬁeld,
PGCE from Shefﬁeld Hallam University,
Teaching fellow - University College London
Prof. (Dr.) Ronald C Darnell
PhD, Organization Management - IT Management, 
Capella University, USA, 
Professor and Program Coordinator - 
Amberton University, 
Visiting Professor– DeVry, University, 
Professor - Parker University, 
Principal Consultant & Agile Coach- Vizient, Inc.
Prof. (Dr.) Julia Fallon
MBA from Cardiff University and PhD from the 
University of Wales, UK, 
Principal Lecturer, at Cardiff Metropolitan University, 
UK
Prof. Mike Berry
MSc. in Math and Economics - 
Imperial College London, 
Professor (Marketing) at 
Hult International Business School, UK
9
• 10th Class Certiﬁcate (Completing 10 years of formal schooling)
• 12th Class Certiﬁcate (Completing 12 years of formal schooling)
• Graduation completing Degree (3 Years or 4 Years Degree Program)
Accredited. Respected. Trusted.
Programmes Recognised
by Distance Education
Bureau (DEB) UGC SENIOR COLLEGE AND
UNIVERSITY COMMISSION, USA
Asia’s only not-for-proﬁt
university to get
US regional accreditation
Accredited by
National Assessment And
Accreditation Council (NAAC) Grade ‘A+’
Amity’s Online MBA 
& BBA are the 1st and 
only EOCCS certiﬁed 
programmes in India
Accredited Member of 
Accreditation Council for 
Business School and 
Programme (ACBSP), USA
Association of
Indian Universities
Recognised by 
World Education Services
Amity’s Online MBA has been 
ranked by QS as #37 Worldwide 
In 2021 ranking.

10
Edtech Company
MBA Alumni
Avishi
Amity University Online is the best 
platform for working professionals 
who want to study without 
quitting their job. Their interactive 
learning content, recorded lectures 
by eminent faculty and industry 
interactions gives you an edge over 
others. I would highly recommend 
AUO to people who want to grow in 
their career.

Amity University Online Advantage
11
Strong alumni network Exemplary employer rating
of various programmes
International collaborations
with Ivy League universities
Easy-to-use LMS accessible
anytime, anywhere
Regular webinars
by industry leaders
Virtual job fairs and
career assistance
World-class curriculum
designed by eminent faculty
and industry professionals
Web Proctored Mode for 
the freedom to take 
exams anywhere
Live & Interactive Lectures 
by Expert Faculties
Learn from the leading 
global faculties
12
Industry Mentors
Anshuman Tiwari
Director, Global Delivery 
DXC Technology
Gaurav Chopra
Global HR Leader Asia Paciﬁc
Allianz Partners
Rajdeep Sahrawat
Director
Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu India LLP
Avelo Roy
Managing Director & CEO
Nearify

Alumni Working At
13

FOR ENQUIRIES
Amity University Campus, Sector - 125, Noida, India
Toll Free No. : 1800-102-3434
Website : www.amityonline. com